Mirror of debates.oireachtas.ie/XML/
====================================

(Copy taken on 2012-10-11)

This is what the Houses of the Oireachtas used to produce before the largest
open government data project in Europe was summarily terminated by unthinking 
beancounters on September 18th 2012.

We're mirroring the XML here because, having mothballed this site with no warning,
it's reasonable to assume that at some future point it will also be deleted, also
with no warning.


Licensing information
---------------------

The contents of this directory are subject to Oireachtas Copyright, which extends for
a period of 50 years *plus* the time between then and the following January 1st.  

If the material you wish to use is used principally for the purpose of making a fair and accurate
representation of the proceedings of the Oireachtas, you are explicitly exempt from having
to ask permission to use it (Copyright Act 2002).

If that is not your intended use, you must ask permission from the copyright holder.


2004-01-19 to 2012-07-18
------------------------

This material was generated by the Oireachtas debates production process. It is
of reasonable quality but will contain some structural errors.


1919-2003
---------

This material was made as part of a digitisation project of 'historical debates' in
approximately 2011.  It is for the most part *complete garbage* because nobody wrote quality
control into the delivery specs.  Above all you should be aware that these two bodies of
material, while sharing the same DTD, are in radically-different formats. You should especially
note that:

*  The older material makes no effort to use &lt;mainheading type="WA"&gt; to denote written
   answers, as the DTD requires
   
*  The older material makes no effort to isolate procedural text from speec. Consequently you
   are very likely to find erroneous examples of people saying things like "motion defeated"
   immediately after a speech exhorting Members to vote in favour of that motion. 
   
*  *Caveat lector*, basically.  Here be dragons.
